Update transient-objects-garbage-collecting.md (#7800)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/runtime-java/transient-objects-garbage-collecting.md

 * AnotherModule.SomeEntity: 130 objects
```

> This threshold can be configured with the custom setting `com.mendix.webui.StateSizeWarningThreshold` in the [Runtime Customization](/refguide/custom-settings/) section of your environment.  (the value is a number that reflects the total number of objects in the request state).

Reviewer: Hi @NielsKunst - looking at the example on [lines 71-75](https://github.com/mendix/docs/pull/7800/files#diff-1d15693c9402e3b360ba2a526e5bb7cc5976e3846fa5a6ba61ec15f60981f24bR71-R75) I see that the threshold is set to 500 objects. However, in [the documentation](https://docs.mendix.com/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixwebuiStateSizeWarningThreshold) we say that the default is 100 - so would it be better to have an example which uses the default?

Our style would suggest this format - does this look OK for this line?
```suggestion
This threshold can be configured with the custom setting `com.mendix.webui.StateSizeWarningThreshold`. See [com.mendix.webui.StateSizeWarningThreshold](/refguide/custom-settings/#commendixwebuiStateSizeWarningThreshold) in *Runtime Customization* for more information.
```

Author: Hi @MarkvanMents , the adjustment looks great! I trust in your rewriting at all times. 

Regarding the question on the default example. I am not too certain. Better to ask someone in the team directly. I am not so certain who owns this part. Let's connect in Slack if needed
